for actual complaint file with erd dept workforce dev (ess func--fast and frendly, clemency and forbearance)

clarify these things employer confused about:
ques 1: can stay yes
--
ques 2: -specifically she is misunderstanding this one*
she uses the word stressors; this word is being misunderstood. she needs to indicate that it is not WORK
DUTIES that is exacerbating my conditions.  Indicate that it is outside elements, like COVID & , that is exacerbating 
my disabilities.  state that 'stressors' is a clinical term, and does not translate to the same thing as 'stress'. -->
---
ques 3: is ok; is helpful with supporting detils on impacted life functions.
state that a specific incident rose past cust service and rose to apparent criminal activity; this has increased hypervigilance, nightmares, etc.
there is nothing about the job duties that specifically (as asm) that impact how this experience would be experienced if i were a csr.
****-->purpose of the detail is to indicate it is not cust interactions that cause this; it was criminal behavior(the threats!) that impacted my disability. not the fact of customer interaction.
that occured outside of the realm of customer interaction. and that the ast management duties did not impact how this would be experienced.
state that threates outside of the capacity of providing service
----
ques 4: clarify that we made 'x' change today(date), when follow up will be, and we can confirm ___ then, and  what improvements are expected to be made by each next appointment. 
needs to provide certainty that i WILL be improving via this course of treatment. give timeframes; they can refuse if 
indefinite
---
ques 5: i had previously indicatde a 6 month duration as current est. for recent exacerbation to be controlled to return
to baseline level of disability. (indicate this isnt returning to not having a disability. indicate it returns
me to a level of disability that will no longer need accomodations). to elaborate in moren detail, here are additional
milestones anticipated (the appointments, hat we expect at each one).   needs to explain what will be expected at 3 month, 
and the 6 month. identify the extent of the accommodation could be expected to be reduced prior to six months. what is
expected to resolve sooner. needs to show dr isnt contradicting herself. can have incremental adjustments to needed acc
in the process. list what these are and timeframe (3 months, 6 months)
---
ques 6: do not make it seem like i will not be disabled in six months. indicate the total improvement is not expected 
to eliminate substantial impairment in major life activites; it is expected to reduce the level of acc needed.
jack is expected to continue experiencing ptsds, ocd, and gad permanently. the symptoms that require a wrk acc
in my prognosis will abate in my projected 3-6 month timeframe.  'even in 6 months, substantial impairment in major life activities will continue'
---
ques 7:
clarify that this timeframe is given for improvement related to the acc; the conditions (disablities) are permanent
---
ques 8:
yes; explain heres what i meant: i meant the conditions prevent performing ess. func. ONLY IF it is expected that th eperson carry out
these responsibilities without re. acc off any sort. WITH a reasonable accomodation, jack can perform all essential
job functions. (you could read this question in multiple ways; it is ambiguous. you are reading my answer wrong).
---
ques 9:
based on my reading of your question as 'performing without any acc at all', i identified two tasks where acc
would be necessary. to avoid misunderstanding, i want to be clear that jack CAN work 40 hrs per week, with
reasonable acc in place, and CAN provide 'fast and friendly service' with reasonable acc in place. I identified
these two things spceifically as being thigns jack **could do** with acc. What will enable himto work 40 hrs:
what will enable fast and friendly service; i referenced the job desc item "ff serv'; the portion of this that 
is limited without accomodations is specifically 'fast service', ex because of the obsessive increase in handwashing,
speed of service could be impacted. by providing ___ disposable wipes, marking spots on the floor,  ____, he COULD provide fast service.  

DIRECTLY SAY: i quoted the job desc. bullet point 'fast and friendly service'; I was specfically referring to the fast service portion, though i quoted
the entire phrase.
--
ques 10:
in q10, i gave one example of an acc that would work. i also gave other examples in q12. this
is not meant to be an exhaustive list; here are some other examples of things that would be effective, and how

ex: 
its important to make sure this is said not to be exhaustive list. (check the jan SITE FOR options)
---
ques 11: 
emphasize that i understood your q to mean 'could he do without acc'; it says with OR without. WITH accomodation, 
jack can perform all essential functions fine. this is why i left that blank.
--
ques 12:
state that these are just additional 'examples of accomodations that would be effective for return to work as soon as acc are able to be implemented.'
---
ques 13:
{- do not have the part about having more employees (is not considered reasonable)
- dont repeat the video footage thing
- (being in asm role has me less on floor, which is less in unsafe environment? )
- explain why each example is connected to my disabilities}

'where i indicated there is risk to jack, i was specifically referring to risks if expected to carry out the position
without acc. with acc, there would be no increased risk'. or else can have a 'direct health or saftey threat'= no req
for reasonable acc.
---
ques 14:
- is an elaboration of dr's understnading of q13 to mean jack working without acc.
---
ques 15:
- to ensure there is no q about the understanding of this letter, jack is able to do the job with acc, and there is no 
threat to health or safety, if he is performing the job with acc. if none of acc example provided, i request jack
be given an opportunity to consult with me about the many other acc options that would ensure his continued
effectiveness in his current role. ?phone?




important: discuss '32 hours' as a way to reduce to 4 days of work a week, allowing jack to devote an entire day to tx.
another way to do this would be to schedule the 40 hrs over 4 shifts instead of 5 a week. carol was willing to work with this.
--must prove it would impact morale neg if i did that
--may take a few days for updated doc, sned email sun or mon to say i will have that week









------------------

-->the more it focuses on customer interactions the more they can say im incapable
****to clarify, i meant that  ques 2 para ; not asst man

---> state that there is nothing in the assistant management's added responsibilities that is related to the exacerbation of my symptoms


--------------------------------------------

after template,
indicate that prior doc misunderstood.
in order togive clear understanding, add comments to clarify previous thing.
Say how they read it, then what was actually meant.

---
let her know employer only required to provide accomodations in some circumstances.  they are trying to claim
there is NO accomodation that works to enable me to continue in my current position. They're using her previous documentation
to claim that im not qualified for the job bc theres no accomodation that works.  if there is not accomodation that works,
they may not be required to provide one.  i need to make it clear that there ARE accomodations that would allow me to continue
in my current position.
---
can give her my lawyers contact to help write an effective letter. general guidance; doesn't need to be specific to me
unless i ask her to/sign release
---
she can state if i certain things for x amount of time then can return to regular role, it should state that.
need to include anything tht supports accomodationss that if put in place could enable me to fulfill all functions
of the work. in this case, the working 40 hrs. so, this means **indicating that i could work the 32 hours without the other changes.
but, with the other changes in place, then i would be able to work the 40 hrs.** indicate she said one accomodaiton that would work
would be the 32 hrs; then state that she had actually referenced the other accomodation options as a way for me to 

go thru record and say how they interpreted things to say im not qualified; indicate with dr why those were wrong (clarify)
indicate that WITH ACCOMODATIONS i would be able to perform all necessary job functions.
indicate the 'fast and friendly service' --. USEFUL LANGUAGE: I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MISTOOK MY RESPONSE AS
AND INDICATION THAT JACK IS UNABLE TO PERFORM WHAT YOU REFER TO AS 'OFFERING FAST AND FRIENDLY SERVICE' AND THAT 
THE WORK TASKS THEMSELVES EXACERBATED JACKS CONDITION. YOU MISUNDERSTOOD. NOTHING THAT i WROTE SHOULD
HAVE BEEN TAKEN TO SUGGEST THAT HE COULD NOT PERFORM THOSE FUNCTIONS WITH AN ACCOMMODATION. I WAS STATING THAT ACCOMODATIONS
ARE NECESSARY, NOT THAT ACCOMODATIONS WONT WORK.  (NEED TO CLARIFY QUESTION 9 OR ELSE IT WILL BE REJECTED. NEEDS TO SAY 
I NEED SUPPORT TO DO THEESE THINGS, AND THAT SUPPORTS ARE AVAILABLE TO MAKE IT POSSIBLE TO DO THESE THINGS.)

---
Can state that a short term leave can BE an accomodation. if you can prove that a short term thing can return you
to a full level of functioning; wis law has 'clemency and forbearance' that *could* be useful but not if they looking
from federal perspective

performing ess funcitons of the job = in the long term, not just in the short term. a short period of unpaid leave 
where i can focus on recovery could allow me to recover in symptoms to full capacity functioning. ask for 3 weeks leave(?) statin
could perform all functions upon return. 
specifically list some ideas of effective accomodation, and why theyd be effective. this is not exhaustive list;
there are other accomodations that would be effective, as well. indicate THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE LIST, but here are 
some specific medical opinion things i think will work. if you do not accept any of these, we can engage in
further communication to determine what will satisfy your reservations. 

-ask them to articulate what they are concerned about; indicate i can provide further medical clarificaiton if necessary

