I am the assistant manager of the Stop-N-Go gas station at 5445 University Ave.  We have stayed open during the pandemic, with subpar safety equipment until very recently.
I am disabled; I have PTSD, OCD, & GAD.  During the pandemic, these conditions have worsened.

My store has a policy to ID everyone for all 21+ purchases, every time. Because of this policy, we often have angry customers.  I have been threatened by customers multiple times (documented by Dane County PD; one case is in reference to the card attached).

I have explained to my manager Carol Crawley, district manager Destiny Castillo, and HR director, Deborah Forseth, that I have the protected disabilities of PTSD, OCD, & GAD.  I informed them of these disabilities prior to the pandemic, when the laws first changed, and asked for signs stating our policy with official company logo, to inform customers so they are aware before making purchases.
The company not only has not provided them, when I have made my own Randy Wright (area supervisor) and Destiny have taken them down.  Carol tried to help me by allowing me to create my own, though the company has continued to refuse to provide official ones.

The week of May 10, I submitted a request to my manager, Carol, for one shift less a week (8 hrs reduction). I verbally explained this was based on my disabilities worsening from work was affecting my life outside of the workplace, including in relation to my online classes.  
During the pandemic, my scheduled hours have not met the requirements of my contract, which states 40 hrs reg + 5 overtime guarenteed weekly.  I have not been getting 40 scheduled hours unless I worked 6-7 days a week, or at multiple locations. Once I asked for my accomodation, they suddenly began forcibly scheduling me 40 hours a week. 
Destiny, Randy, and Deborah informed me if I couldn't work the 40 hours my contract declared were a standard requirement of the assistant management contract (hours unavailable until now), that indicated I couldn't fulfill my job responsibilities, and would have to take a demotion and pay cut, in order to work fewer hours.

May 18, I, with my mother as witness, submitted a formal verbal request to Deborah Forseth, for disability accomodations for my mental health disabilities (PTSD, OCD, GAD).  She told me I must submit the request via paperwork and doctor's letter/filled out questionnaire forms.

I confirmed with Deborah that I would be seeing my psychiatrist to fill out paperwork on April 29, and asked for an extension to the submission date (initial deadline was June 2).  Deborah state I had until June 5 to submit all forms. On April 29, the HR director and area supervisor approached me at work.
I called my mother, and had her witness the entire conversation over the phone; the HR director told me I was being put on a 'forced, unpaid leave of absence of indeterminate length" in response to "making threats to harm myself, based on a phonecall I had with [my] manager."  This never occured.  

During an anxiety attack at work, I called my manager (Carol) and begged her to help me advocate for my ADA. I told her that working in these conditions was worsening my PTSD and pushing me to feel suicidal, which I believed accomodations would help.
I told this to the Deborah and Randy.  Deborah told me that didn't matter, that I was a risk of harm to myself, and that I was still being put on indefinite, unpaid leave until I could prove I was safe to come back to work.  I physically provided her with the signed letter my psychiatrist had emailed on May 19, indicating I was safe to work, but recommended fewer hours.  She told me that since I hadn't given this to her sooner, it wasn't able to be taken into account in relation to the current situation. 

I asked for paperwork documenting that I was being put on this indefinite, unpaid leave; Deborah and Randy both informed me that they refused to provide any.  This can be confirmed by my witness.

When I hung up, Randy began to try to talk to me more.  I called my witness again to include in the conversation.  Randy and Deborah made me return all store-related keys to them, and told me I was banned from the property.

---
Other employees have been treated differently than me.

Cody Glynn- Cody has severe psoriasis.  Cody has verbally asked to wear a non-company hat during his shifts, to prevent customers from hasseling him about how his skin looks.  He has been granted this by Carol & Randy.
Differences: Cody is <white, heterosexual, cisgender (I am transgender), has physical vs. mental condition>

Austin Hadden: Asked to quit to focus on school; Carol helped him apply to HR (Deboarh) to take a short term 2 month leave of unpaid absence, so he could keep his job and rate of pay.
Differences: Austin is <white, heterosexual, cisgender, not disabled in any way>


